# 1. Motivation and purpose (Jordan)

Our role: Data scientist consultancy firm

Target audience: Both tech employers and employees

Even today, both employers and employees are more likely to acknowledge physical health conditions than mental health conditions. While some employers are ahead of the curve in terms of acknowledging the importance of employee mental health, there are many workplaces where employees still do not get the support that they need. For employers, this can lead to high employee turnover as well as lower quality work. For employees, this can lead to further deteriorating mental health. To address these challenges, we propose building a web dashboard that visually illustrates the current state of mental health in tech. Our app will allow employers to explore how different variables relate to the mental health of employees, as well as give employees insight into how their workplace compares to other workplaces in various aspects of mental health.

# 2. Description of the data 
In this dashboard, we will be visualizing a dataset of approximately 1300 responses from a 2014 survery measuring the attitude towards mental health in tech sector and the number of disorders in the workplace. Each row of the dataset has 27 associate variables such as `gender`, `age`, `country`, `state`, `family_history`, `treatment`, `no_employees` etc. In this project, we will only focus on a subset of variables for visualization which are `age`, `gender`, `no_employees`, `country`, `state`, `benefits`, and `obs_consequence` as a target variable. `age`, `gender` are the employees specific information. `country`, `state` show where the eomployee lives. `no_employees` shows the size of the company and will be inluded in the dashboard as a slider for the user to change the size of company and correlate that with the mental health disorders. `benefits` feature shows whether the employers provides the mental health benefits for their employees (we use a pie chart to show what percentage of employers provides such a benefit). Our target variable would be `obs_consequence` which only has two values: "yes" and "no". "yes" indicates someone has already heard or observed negative consequences for coworkers with mental health conditions in the workplace, and the response is "no" otherwise. We will visualize the `obs_consequence` using a pie chart and show how the distribution of that varies across different states. 


https://www.kaggle.com/osmi/mental-health-in-tech-survey

# 3. Research questions you are exploring (Lisheng)

Our application aims to provide data insights for new graduating students who seek jobs in tech companies. They hope to make informed decisions based on factors related to mental health illness or attitudes towards mental health in workplace. They may want to [explore] the data to have a basic understanding of data, [compare] the effect of variables to a specific survey response question based on a selected filter and [make inference] based on geographical locations and other explanatory variables.   
When they log onto our application, they can find three tabs: summary overview, interactive view and map view. The summary overview provides a basic understanding of explanatory variables versus response. They can select a specific survey response question and add explanatory variables on the left panel and the results will be shown on the right panel.  
The interactive view provides a more detailed filter and enables user to select a subset of explanatory variables. For example, a user may find that the response variable "percentage of hearing or observing negative consequence for coworkers with mental health conditions in your workplace" is different for company of size under 5, 6-25, 26-100 so on and so forth. Based on this observation, our user can make a hypothesis that the size of a company is positively correlated the probability of observing negative consequence.   
In the map view tab, our users can choose response question and explanatory variables as they have done in the interactive view. Taking the response question mentioned above, users may read from the map that the response is mapped to countries or states and a deeper color indicates a higher percentage of observing negative consequence for coworkers with mental health conditions in your workplace. Using the map view, users may easily make inference based on geographical variable. For example, one may hypothesize that companies located on west coast have higher probability of observing negative consequence compared with middle US or east coast. 
