### Milestone 4 Reflection

In this app, we have implemented almost everything we had planned for at the beginning of this dashboard design, although it looked very ambitious to us back then. The layout is complete and is fully representative of the initial sketch. The app consists of 3 main tabs: Summary, Interactive, and Map View. The chloroplet map is presented in Tab 3 and is functioning well to show the variations of a parameter of interest (can be selected in an interactive way) in different states. The R dash was also mirrored as closely as possible with no notable differences between Python and R dash apps. The layout is clean, some minor UI tweaks (that were mentioned in previous reflection) were also addressed, the color schemes and fonts were improved, all making the dash ready for production. Based on the feedback we have receieved, the app is easy to use and is well desinged. However, there are still some areas that can be improved:

Although the source code (i.e. app.py) is clean, it would be useful to modularize it. In the current format, all of the code files including the ones for data wrangling, plotly for creating charts, dash components for the web app all live in a single python file, which may not be ideal for future collaboration. For example, we could have a separate python file that contains all of our code for creating plotly charts. That way we could just pass charts directly into dash components by calling chart creation functions that live in a separate file. Alternatively, we could have separate files for each tab. 

Another area that can be vastly improved is our map view. The current map is functional with some interactivity. However, there are many more things that can be implemented to enhance the user experience of the map. The current map displays information from more than one question on the chloropleth, but that can be modified to include more questions related to the mental health issues in Tech. Or, for creating this app given the time constraint, we have only used 7-8 features of the original dataset (out of 27 features). We believe the app can be modified to display more information with little efforts.  

In summary, we are quite happy with the progress we made for the app, but similar to any other dashboard, ceratin improvements are possible which are discussed above.

