### Milestone 2 Reflection

To date, we have implemented the majority of what we aimed to implement. Our layout is complete and is representative of what we initially sketched out. Most graphs are complete and in working order and are connected to dropdowns/toggles that the user can modify. We were able to get a first working version of our map chloropleth on our map tab, with some initial useful functionality.

As far as work that still needs to be done, there are two big tasks still remaining. The first is to clean up and modularize our app code. As it stands, all of our code lives in a single app.py file. This includes our data loading & wrangling, altair code for creating charts, as well as all of the dash components that define the web app. We see this as a big opportunity for improvement. For example, we could have a separate python file that contains all of our code for creating altair charts. That way we could just pass charts directly into dash components by calling chart creation functions that live in a separate file. Alternatively, we could have separate files for each tab. 

The other area where we still feel there is a lot of work to be done is on our map view tab. As it stands, it works, but the functionality is not all that impressive or useful. We would like to be able to display information from more than one question on the chloropleth if possible. Additionally we want to add more chart interactivity as well as a supporting bar chart below the chloropleth.

Aside from these things, there may be some minor UI tweaks that would help to give our app a better look and feel. For example playing around with color schemes, fonts, etc... This is something that we can tackle last. 